2,31,Well, speeding isn't a "criminal offence", I don't get a criminal record, or risk jail time unless something else (hit someone) comes of it. However it isn't legal. Decriminalization != Legalization It should, because then it can be taxed, but Marijuana could stop carrying criminal charges and remain "illegal"
2,350,Considering his stance on medical marijuana and his checkered stance on decriminalizing pot, it's a bit better than McCain and Romney who are very clear about zero tolerance on all of these things. But that doesn't excuse Obama, Obama has yet to show consistency, but I like his direction. Hillary is also for stopping medical marijuana raids. Dems are a step in the right direction, Ron would of course be the best choice on this issue.
3,1600,My point exactly. It was not fastened, which would be illegal. It was a sign made of PVC, and plastic netting. It weighed 10 pounds, 20 max. There were 5 people holding it. It was less dangerous than walking in grass at twilight, but whatever. Good thinking citizen. If you see any activity like this in the future, Inform. Obey. Conform.
2,616,Frederick admitted that he had a small amount of marijuana. So if the cops planted the pot (which I wouldn't find hard to believe in most cases) they were framing a guilty man.
1,2735,BUSH AND THE ZIONIST ELITES HAD THEIR HAND IN THIS, THEY CONTROL THE ENTIRE GLOBAL POLITICAL ARENA THE QUICKER YOU DULTS AWAKE FROM YOUR FUCKING SLUBER TYHE QUICKER WE CAN PUT THESE FUCK FACES ON TRIAL FOR WAR CRIMES! WE MUST RISE UP AGAINST THE MACHINE. LIBERAL HIPPIES ARE TOO BUSY SMOKING WEED AND HAVING ANAL SEX AND NEOCONS ARE TOO BUSY KILLING MUSLIMS AND RAPING YOUNG BOYS IN CHURCH TO NOTICE THE COUNTRY GOING DOWN THE FUCKING TUBES MAN. WE HAVE TO RUSH THE WHITE HOUSE AND INSTALL NEW LEADERS IN 2008 http://prisonplanet.com/articles/december2007/311207_ambitions.htm
2,1204,What about the rest of the failed drug war? Of course Obama would keep it going. And the title of this post is funny, when this is the first paragraph of the article: > Last fall during a nationally televised presidential debate, Sen. Barack Obama hesitantly raised his hand and joined with most of his Democratic rivals to declare that he opposed decriminalizing marijuana. Looks to me like he sold out so he wouldn't get criticized. I'll take Ron Paul over this pretender any day.
2,16873,Read the book 'The Emperor Wears no Clothes'. It basically provides every reason why they made pot illegal. As well as plenty of support for its uses and its previous abundance in the world. After reading that book, nobody can legitimately argue against legalization of marijuana, and the positive affects it has had on civilization since the beginning. Oh, and the back cover states: H.E.M.P. sponsors a $100,000 challenge to prove them wrong that: "If all fossil fuels and their derivatives, as well as trees for paper and construction were banned in order to save the planet, reverse the Greenhouse Effect and stop deforestation; Then there is only one known annually renewable natural resource that is capable of providing the overall majority of the world's paper and textiles; meet all the world's transportation, industrial and home energy needs, while simultaneously reducing pollution, rebuilding the soil, and cleaning the atmosphere all at the same time... And that substance is - the same one that did it all before - Marijuana!"
1,27624,>I wish it wasn't like this. Indeed, it's a sad world we live in, one where a seemingly thoughtful and otherwise reasonable person (I too research like mad before I take *any* drug) is forced to deny himself the pleasures and depth of experiences drugs have to offer. I understand where you're coming from, as I was there myself once. Still, I'm going to use this spot as one last plea to try *some* form of recreational or psychedelic drug. I know it seems as there is nothing to be gained from where you are now, but there's really no way to explain to you what drugs are like unless you experience it yourself. Don't let yourself be turned off by preconceptions and FUD--find out for yourself. One of my favorite (anonymous) quotes describes it better: >What is a mind, if not something to be messed with? What is consciousness, if not a state to be altered?" . . . A mind is a terrible thing to waste, and there is much being wasted when one deliberately chooses not to explore the ecstasy of its deeper horizons. Stay away from drugs that just get you wasted, like opiates (heroin, pain killers), or drugs that just get you wired, like stimulants (cocaine, caffeine, amphetamines), and try to use more mind-opening substances like psychedelics (LSD, psilocybin, MDMA) or other psychoactive drugs that produce a similar effect (cannabis). Always have a more experienced user with you to discuss possible risks and to make sure your experience is productive. Alcohol use confuses me the most--even though I use frequently because of social situations, I don't really see the point of drinking yourself into a stupor. It's just a depressant that kills your brain cells and damages your liver beyond repair, with the added danger of alcohol poisoning. Sure, a mild dose can give you a little bit of euphoria with lowered inhibitions, but there are so many dangers to its use that I'm convinced any rational society would instantly ban it in favor of less toxic substances such as marijuana. The only reason it has a place in our society today is because it was easy to make in pre-industrialized times, and it has somehow become accepted as civilization matured. As for jailtime, for the time being Bush & Co. don't have the manpower to track down every single small-time dealer, let alone the millions of users all around the country. Now would actually be a good time to get your drug use out of the way before the country turns completely fascist. Anyway, just my two cents. This went on a little longer than I had expected. If you want to hear more about any of my personal experiences and why I'm pushing this so hard, feel free to pm me.
3,12867,Oh, get this. I was about 19 when my mom found me, my brother and my cousin smoking pot late one night on the back porch. Now, my mom was from a big family and several of her older bothers were druggies back in the day (1970's). Even though my mom had been around them a little bit, she was still a person who had no idea what drugs were like, and more specifically, how much different pot is compared to real drugs. So five minutes in to her scolding us for smoking pot, she was all emboldened and serious as she blurted out the one sentence i will never, ever forget: *"I knew marijuana was bad when i found my two brothers, making love in the back seat of a car!!*"1,9985,Second half of the Interview ============================ AkitaOnRails: Tech communities are great because they are so energetic and passionate. On one hand you have those that contribute and make the technology grow faster. On the other hand you have the pundits and trolls that like flame wars. Do you burn yourself sometimes, or do you tend to avoid this kind of discussion? Specifically, some time ago you and DHH were together at the Snakes and Rubies presentation. I think it was great because it didn’t end in yet another flame war. What’s your opinion on this kind of open (not flamed) discussion? Adrian: The answer to this one is obvious – clearly constructive discussion is more productive. At times, I’ve had my passion for Python/Django get the best of me, but I’ve gotten a lot better over the years. I’ve realized something: At the end of the day, what really matters is the sites people create with these tools, not the tools themselves. If you’re going to judge someone, judge the sites that person makes, instead of the tools that person uses. These days, if I am involved in any sort of discussion like that, it’s usually to try to calm people down. ￼ AkitaOnRails: Well said. Going back to features, you mentioned ‘Databrowse’ before, I would like to know more about it. I think Django didn’t have it by the time I first tried it. Is it a new feature (or am I the one lagging behind? ￼ Can you elaborate more on this construct? Adrian: Databrowse is still quite under the radar! Here’s the use case. Say you have a lot of data in your database, and all you want to do is look at it. Here are your current options: You can drop into the psql or mysql prompts and run a bunch of SELECT queries, but that gets tiresome. You could run something like PHPMyAdmin, but that’s more of an administration tool than a tool for browsing. You could use some sort of external application that lets you browse your database tables, MS Access-style, but that’s in the realm of the desktop app. Databrowse automatically creates a Web site that displays your data, so you can click around to your heart’s content. The other thing it does is pointing out interesting, non-obvious queries. For example, if you have a table that has a DATE column in it, it will automatically create a calendar view of that table. The point isn’t for people to use this to make public-facing sites – the point is for people to use this to explore their own data, with no effort required. Another use case comes from the journalism world. I used to work with a guy named Derek Willis at the Washington Post newspaper. His job at the time was to acquire huge datasets and place them on the newspaper’s intranet, so that reporters could search and browse the data in their research. Derek didn’t want to have to hand-roll a Web app each time he got a new dataset, so he used Databrowse to make intranet sites that displayed his databases—with little-to-no effort. This comes back to what I was saying earlier about high-level abstractions. Databrowse is a particular type of abstraction, and it’s really cool that we include something like that for people to use, if they need it. AkitaOnRails: Sounds great, I am looking forward to use it. In a degree it feels like Dabble Db – albeit inside your own app. I think you already met Avi Bryant ? I just interviewed him and it was a very insightful conversation. Have you ever tried Seaside? (out of curiosity I have a photo of you and Avi looking at his macbook sitting down in the grass, what was that?) Adrian: Yes, it was inspired by DabbleDB – it’s essentially a very toned-down DabbleDB-ish thing for your own data. But I shouldn’t even say that, because DabbleDB is a whole universe more sophisticated than Databrowse. DabbleDB is awesome. ￼ Yes, I’ve met Avi a number of times and always enjoy his company. We even played some music together – he is a fantastic harmonica player! The photo you’re referring to was taken at Foo Camp in 2007. I haven’t tried Seaside, but it’s on my to-do list. If I were ever developing an application like DabbleDB that needed to maintain a ton of state, I would turn to Seaside first. AkitaOnRails: I see, I feel that good musicians tend to be good programmers as well. So, my first congratulations for you is about your new book on Django that was just released. I think it is a very big milestone for the Django community. More than that you were able to make it available online under a Creative Commons license. How did you get involved in this book? Was it difficult to convince the publisher to have the book readily available online? I ask this because at least in Brazil this is one idea that is VERY hard to push over to publishers. Tell us more about your writing experience, challenges and quirks along the way. Adrian: Thanks very much. There’s not much to the story here – co-conspirator Jacob and I got contacted by the Apress folks, who were interested in publishing a Django book, and we did it. Well, I should amend that: It took us a long time, but we did it. ￼ It wasn’t difficult to convince Apress to let us make the book available online. They had previous experience doing so with Mark Pilgrim’s Dive Into Python book, and they’re generally cool people. In retrospect, publishing the book online was a fantastic decision. Not only is the final book available online, but we made chapters available online as we wrote them, with a really nice per-paragraph commenting feature that let readers submit typos, corrections and suggestions on a very granular basis. We got a ton of fantastic feedback for which we’re immensely grateful. Having experienced this, I wouldn’t want to publish a technology book any other way. AkitaOnRails: Now, my second congratulations is because of that Batten Award for outstanding achievement in online journalism. ChicagoCrime.org looks great and is a very good example of a mashup) done right. Unfortunately our local government and public institutions have very little to almost no data available online for us to use. Where did the idea come from? How was its development? Adrian: Thanks – and don’t let that site scare you away from visiting the beautiful city of Chicago. ￼ AkitaOnRails: haha, I live in São Paulo. Can’t be worse ;-) Adrian: The idea for chicagocrime.org came when I was bumming around the official Chicago Police Department Web site and found that they publish crime data – although in an interface that’s more suited for searching than for browsing. I thought, “Wow, this is some great data!” and was writing a screen scraper within about 10 minutes. Around that same time, I was tinkering with the Google Maps site, which had just launched, to see if I could embed Google map tiles into my own Web pages. I figured the crime data would make for a great mapping application, so I put the two together, and one of the original Google Maps mashups was born. While I was developing the site, HousingMaps.com (Craigslist + Google Maps) came out, so it beat me to the punch of being the first real Google Maps mashup – but chicagocrime.org came soon afterward. The thing I’m most proud of is the fact that chicagocrime.org was one of the sites that influenced Google to open its mapping API. Back when HousingMaps, chicagocrime.org and the original crop of mashups came out, we were all reverse-engineering Google’s JavaScript! AkitaOnRails: I know that you probably have 2 great passions in your career: one is Python-based development, or course, and the other is journalism (dunno the correct order here ￼) You’ve made yourself quite a reputation on the online media. You’re working at the Washington Post right now, is that correct? I read an article at the OJR where you explained about technology being used to empower the journalist. Do you intend to be a reporter someday or you’re more into the back-end of journalism? I think you have a strong opinion about the future of journalism in the Internet Era, don’t you? Adrian: Well, I would say my main passion is music, but it’s hard to make a living doing that. (Django is named after the famous jazz idol Django Reinhardt) ￼ I’m no longer working at the Washington Post. In mid 2007, I was awarded a two-year grant from the Knight Foundation to create a local-news site. So I founded EveryBlock in July. We’re a team of four people and are working hard to make a really cool application. But, yes, going back to your question, I certainly have some strong opinions about how journalism is practiced on the Internet. This is probably out of the scope of this interview, but you can read my essay/rant awkwardly titled A fundamental way newspaper sites need to change for a taste. AkitaOnRails: Now, that’s news to me ￼ Didn’t know you started your own company (sorry, I still have to catch up with the Python community). Can you tell us about your new endeavor? Adrian: Hey, I can’t blame ya – we’re staying under the radar. There’s not much to say about EveryBlock at this point other than it’s chicagocrime.org on steroids. It’s like chicagocrime, but for more cities than just Chicago and more information than just crime. ￼ AkitaOnRails: You should try it for Brazil :-)1,9985,Second half of the Interview ============================ AkitaOnRails: Tech communities are great because they are so energetic and passionate. On one hand you have those that contribute and make the technology grow faster. On the other hand you have the pundits and trolls that like flame wars. Do you burn yourself sometimes, or do you tend to avoid this kind of discussion? Specifically, some time ago you and DHH were together at the Snakes and Rubies presentation. I think it was great because it didn’t end in yet another flame war. What’s your opinion on this kind of open (not flamed) discussion? Adrian: The answer to this one is obvious – clearly constructive discussion is more productive. At times, I’ve had my passion for Python/Django get the best of me, but I’ve gotten a lot better over the years. I’ve realized something: At the end of the day, what really matters is the sites people create with these tools, not the tools themselves. If you’re going to judge someone, judge the sites that person makes, instead of the tools that person uses. These days, if I am involved in any sort of discussion like that, it’s usually to try to calm people down. ￼ AkitaOnRails: Well said. Going back to features, you mentioned ‘Databrowse’ before, I would like to know more about it. I think Django didn’t have it by the time I first tried it. Is it a new feature (or am I the one lagging behind? ￼ Can you elaborate more on this construct? Adrian: Databrowse is still quite under the radar! Here’s the use case. Say you have a lot of data in your database, and all you want to do is look at it. Here are your current options: You can drop into the psql or mysql prompts and run a bunch of SELECT queries, but that gets tiresome. You could run something like PHPMyAdmin, but that’s more of an administration tool than a tool for browsing. You could use some sort of external application that lets you browse your database tables, MS Access-style, but that’s in the realm of the desktop app. Databrowse automatically creates a Web site that displays your data, so you can click around to your heart’s content. The other thing it does is pointing out interesting, non-obvious queries. For example, if you have a table that has a DATE column in it, it will automatically create a calendar view of that table. The point isn’t for people to use this to make public-facing sites – the point is for people to use this to explore their own data, with no effort required. Another use case comes from the journalism world. I used to work with a guy named Derek Willis at the Washington Post newspaper. His job at the time was to acquire huge datasets and place them on the newspaper’s intranet, so that reporters could search and browse the data in their research. Derek didn’t want to have to hand-roll a Web app each time he got a new dataset, so he used Databrowse to make intranet sites that displayed his databases—with little-to-no effort. This comes back to what I was saying earlier about high-level abstractions. Databrowse is a particular type of abstraction, and it’s really cool that we include something like that for people to use, if they need it. AkitaOnRails: Sounds great, I am looking forward to use it. In a degree it feels like Dabble Db – albeit inside your own app. I think you already met Avi Bryant ? I just interviewed him and it was a very insightful conversation. Have you ever tried Seaside? (out of curiosity I have a photo of you and Avi looking at his macbook sitting down in the grass, what was that?) Adrian: Yes, it was inspired by DabbleDB – it’s essentially a very toned-down DabbleDB-ish thing for your own data. But I shouldn’t even say that, because DabbleDB is a whole universe more sophisticated than Databrowse. DabbleDB is awesome. ￼ Yes, I’ve met Avi a number of times and always enjoy his company. We even played some music together – he is a fantastic harmonica player! The photo you’re referring to was taken at Foo Camp in 2007. I haven’t tried Seaside, but it’s on my to-do list. If I were ever developing an application like DabbleDB that needed to maintain a ton of state, I would turn to Seaside first. AkitaOnRails: I see, I feel that good musicians tend to be good programmers as well. So, my first congratulations for you is about your new book on Django that was just released. I think it is a very big milestone for the Django community. More than that you were able to make it available online under a Creative Commons license. How did you get involved in this book? Was it difficult to convince the publisher to have the book readily available online? I ask this because at least in Brazil this is one idea that is VERY hard to push over to publishers. Tell us more about your writing experience, challenges and quirks along the way. Adrian: Thanks very much. There’s not much to the story here – co-conspirator Jacob and I got contacted by the Apress folks, who were interested in publishing a Django book, and we did it. Well, I should amend that: It took us a long time, but we did it. ￼ It wasn’t difficult to convince Apress to let us make the book available online. They had previous experience doing so with Mark Pilgrim’s Dive Into Python book, and they’re generally cool people. In retrospect, publishing the book online was a fantastic decision. Not only is the final book available online, but we made chapters available online as we wrote them, with a really nice per-paragraph commenting feature that let readers submit typos, corrections and suggestions on a very granular basis. We got a ton of fantastic feedback for which we’re immensely grateful. Having experienced this, I wouldn’t want to publish a technology book any other way. AkitaOnRails: Now, my second congratulations is because of that Batten Award for outstanding achievement in online journalism. ChicagoCrime.org looks great and is a very good example of a mashup) done right. Unfortunately our local government and public institutions have very little to almost no data available online for us to use. Where did the idea come from? How was its development? Adrian: Thanks – and don’t let that site scare you away from visiting the beautiful city of Chicago. ￼ AkitaOnRails: haha, I live in São Paulo. Can’t be worse ;-) Adrian: The idea for chicagocrime.org came when I was bumming around the official Chicago Police Department Web site and found that they publish crime data – although in an interface that’s more suited for searching than for browsing. I thought, “Wow, this is some great data!” and was writing a screen scraper within about 10 minutes. Around that same time, I was tinkering with the Google Maps site, which had just launched, to see if I could embed Google map tiles into my own Web pages. I figured the crime data would make for a great mapping application, so I put the two together, and one of the original Google Maps mashups was born. While I was developing the site, HousingMaps.com (Craigslist + Google Maps) came out, so it beat me to the punch of being the first real Google Maps mashup – but chicagocrime.org came soon afterward. The thing I’m most proud of is the fact that chicagocrime.org was one of the sites that influenced Google to open its mapping API. Back when HousingMaps, chicagocrime.org and the original crop of mashups came out, we were all reverse-engineering Google’s JavaScript! AkitaOnRails: I know that you probably have 2 great passions in your career: one is Python-based development, or course, and the other is journalism (dunno the correct order here ￼) You’ve made yourself quite a reputation on the online media. You’re working at the Washington Post right now, is that correct? I read an article at the OJR where you explained about technology being used to empower the journalist. Do you intend to be a reporter someday or you’re more into the back-end of journalism? I think you have a strong opinion about the future of journalism in the Internet Era, don’t you? Adrian: Well, I would say my main passion is music, but it’s hard to make a living doing that. (Django is named after the famous jazz idol Django Reinhardt) ￼ I’m no longer working at the Washington Post. In mid 2007, I was awarded a two-year grant from the Knight Foundation to create a local-news site. So I founded EveryBlock in July. We’re a team of four people and are working hard to make a really cool application. But, yes, going back to your question, I certainly have some strong opinions about how journalism is practiced on the Internet. This is probably out of the scope of this interview, but you can read my essay/rant awkwardly titled A fundamental way newspaper sites need to change for a taste. AkitaOnRails: Now, that’s news to me ￼ Didn’t know you started your own company (sorry, I still have to catch up with the Python community). Can you tell us about your new endeavor? Adrian: Hey, I can’t blame ya – we’re staying under the radar. There’s not much to say about EveryBlock at this point other than it’s chicagocrime.org on steroids. It’s like chicagocrime, but for more cities than just Chicago and more information than just crime. ￼ AkitaOnRails: You should try it for Brazil :-)9,31329,> Also a piece that I think we both know has zero chance of passing. So we're only allowed to judge legislators on the bills they actually pass? If Ron Paul had proposed a bill to define Christianity as the official religion of the United States, you'd be willing to overlook it because it would never pass? > Basically he says this is a state's right issue and that the federal government should have no say in the matter. A common cry of people who have but the most cursory, self-serving understanding of the Constitution. The Supremacy Clause of the Constitution states that federal law supersedes state law, while the Elastic Clause establishes the legitimacy of implied powers. If you don't think certain laws are protected as implied powers, you can call for your state representatives to challenge them in Congress or you yourself can challenge laws in the federal courts. Just so long as Ron Paul says it's okay. The fact is abortion is *not* a matter of states' rights - because in *Roe v. Wade* the Court found that the Fourteenth Amendment guarantees a right to privacy. Unless you want to argue that the Constitution *doesn't* guarantee a right to privacy - an untenable stance indeed - then seeking to allow states to ban abortion has no Constitutional validation at all; only a religious, bigoted one. That's the inevitable fact; a fetus is not viable until, at the earliest, the 21st week. Under current abortion laws, states can regulate abortion (*"...in ways that are reasonably related to maternal health..."*) after the *first trimester*. That seems perfectly reasonable to me. > I fail to see how allowing someone to shoot up heroin or snort a line of coke is more an unreasonable risk than allowing them to drink as much alchohol as they want. Because there is a *safe amount of alcohol* to drink. In fact, drinking alcohol in moderation has extensive health benefits. Cocaine, heroin, LSD, MDMA, etc. - the use of these in any quantity sufficient to give the users the intended effect also renders the users unable to make sound, safe judgments for themselves and those around them. *That* is why some drugs need to be regulated. I agree marijuana should be legalized, and there should be a better mechanism for determining the degree to which the use of a drug impairs a person's faculties - but the outright legalization of anything and everything is absolutely moronic. > I won't go so far to say that we should be allowed to possess any weapons our government possesses (Nukes, tanks, etc.), but certainly we should be allowed to possess any form of munitions that military personal can have. The founding fathers would be against allowing our government the ability to opress the people with superior force of arms. Don't you see how contradictory that passage is? If we take the intent of the Second Amendment to be ensuring that the government cannot forcibly oppress the public - and further maintain that that intent is not antiquated - then you *must* call for the legalization of the possession of *any and all* weapons the government uses. After all, in the event of a military coup do you really think a band of diffuse, untrained rednecks would be able to mount a substantive resistance to the most technologically advanced military in the entire world? This isn't the 18th century - machine guns don't put you on equal footing with smart bombs. Once you realize the futility of a public resistance armed with anything but the same weapons the government uses, you also realize the insanity of that argument. Yes, if the government wanted to it could reform as a military dictatorship, and we'd be largely unable to rebel. But you have to ask yourself - what's more likely; that that would actually happen to the government, or that legalizing rocket launchers would result in a *huge* spike in domestic terrorism and ordinary crime? Whether it vibes with your populist intent or not, most Americans are not terribly smart - and certainly are not smart enough that I feel comfortable trusting their discretion here. Whereas the government, imperfect as it is, is nonetheless subject to numerous safeguards against a doomsday scenario, all it would take is a handful of people in 300 million to kill many, *many* people. > Internation agreements and 'understandings' are what pull us into these useless wars. No. They aren't. They're what pulled *other* nations into these wars, but what pulled *us* into these wars was a confluence of executive incompetence, legislative gutlessness, and public reactionism. > ...he is for trading with others, absolutely. He's for the lifting of all trade agreements; which tangently means - whether he's too ignorant to realize it or not - that he's for the subjugation of third-world laborers at the hands of oppressive management and disinterested government. The trade agreements we have in place are far from perfect. *So suggest improvements!* Calling for their absolute dissolution is dangerously reckless and inhumanly callous. > ...eliminate the alliances that bind us to actions we would otherwise not undertake. We have no such alliances. The United States is the most powerful country in the history of the planet - we are rarely compelled to take actions we don't really want to. As I said is evidenced in Iraq and Afghanistan, our alliances only serve to compel our allies to aid *us* - not the other way around. It's a symbiotic relationship, even if we're the dominant partner, and one for which there is enormous room for improvement. *So suggest improvements!* This is the most striking part of Ron Paul's platform - *he doesn't actually have one*. On almost every issue, his answer is a simplistic call to get rid of something, even though that thing almost invariably has a role of intrinsic importance, rather than improve it. He may have been in politics for a long time, but that is the mark of an immature politician. > As a country, we got along just fine without those government entities years ago. 1) the Fed: Yes, we got along without the Fed just fine. Right up until the early 19th century. The Great Depression was caused, in fact, by many things Paul advocates, inadvertently or otherwise. Unbalanced trade, class stratification, lack of regulation (of business, markets and banks), regionalism - these are all things which in large part contributed to the depression. 2) the ED: As someone who has lived in some of the most rural, undeveloped regions of the world, I can tell you that the best possible way to allow your country to fall into societal, governmental and economic squalor is by failing to educate your public. For years China and India ignored education entirely, and only in the past few decades have started to funnel enormous amounts of money and resources into education. And guess what happened? The States is already falling from its position as one of the driving forces behind scientific research in the world as places in Asia like Japan, South Korea and India and Europe like Austria, Germany, Denmark and Sweden are coming into their own. Unless the state of education in the States *drastically* improves over the next decade, the economy is going to take a nosedive. If you want to ensure that downward fall, then by all means abolish the ED. 3) FEMA: If you really don't see the need for FEMA, turn on the news. Responding to national emergencies like natural disasters is traditionally a function of the National Guard - but the National Guard is heavily deployed overseas. Even if they weren't, though, state troops alone aren't always adequately prepared, funded, equipped and organized to respond to disasters. FEMA, ideally, fills in the cracks. It's another instance where the program is necessary, but in dire need of improvements. 4) DHS: I don't think the DHS is meaningfully distinct from the DoD, and its functions can easily be met among the various semblant organizations that already exist. However, that doesn't address the concern which prompted the creation of the DHS; the poor coordination and communication between the DoD, CIA, FBI and so forth which contributed to the failure to prevent 9/11. On that basis, instead of simply eliminating the DHS outright there first needs to be developed a set of policies and a physical connection of infrastructure between the remaining organizations to meet the need for better cooperation. *That* is how you make a useful proposal - in realizing a superfluous function, acknowledging its intended purpose, and finding a better way to fulfill that purpose. *Not* by just calling for it to go away. See, the fact is that whether or not we 'got along just fine without these government entities years ago', we are not living *years ago*. We're living in 2008. Over time, we as a society grow and become increasingly complicated, and so our needs do as well. If your candidate's goal in this election is to return us to the 19th century, you have a lot of thinking to do. > The more complex and personal an issue is, the further from federal regulation it should be. That statement, as qualified, is completely meaningless and transparently self-justifying. The more complex and personal an issue is, the further from *federal* regulation is should be? But state regulation, as Paul supports with abortion, is okay? The personal choice here is *whether or not you get an abortion*. That choice is indissolubly tied to all kinds of intellectual and ethical questions which have no absolute, empirical answers. I would never judge someone for refusing to get an abortion - but nor would I if they *did* choose to get an abortion. What it really comes down to is this; the only legislation which imposes a choice on the public is that which *denies* a right. Simply *allowing* a right does not compel anyone to make use of it. That Ron Paul doesn't understand that makes a mockery of the label as a 'constitutionalist' he's awarded himself.5,28684,Well she's totally pushing it. Remember the ABC News debacle debate? http://abcnews.go.com/print?id=4670271 >CLINTON: I think in addition to the questions about Reverend Wright and what he said and when he said it, and for whatever reason he might have said these things, there were so many different variations on the explanations that we heard. >**And it is something that I think deserves further exploration** because clearly, what we've got to figure out is how we're going to bring people together in a way that overcomes the anger, overcomes the divisiveness and whatever bitterness there may be out there. You know? >It is clear that, as leaders, we have a choice who we associate with and who we apparently give some kind of seal of approval to. And I think that it wasn't only the specific remarks but some of the relationships with Reverend Farrakhan, with giving the church bulletin over to the leader of Hamas, to put a message in. >You know, these are problems. And they raise questions in people's minds. And, so, this is a legitimate area, as everything is, when we run for office, for people to be exploring and trying to find answers. emphasis mine. and this was after the Wright controversy was winding down. She wanted to stir up the pot because although it hurt her in the polls, it hurt Obama more.2,15660,They've just unwittingly written their latest tourism ad: "Arrest Bush. Grow Hemp. Visit Vermont." I'm moving back...11,15144,Right now the national unemployment rate is sky-high. His plan to reward companies that keep jobs in the US might help my girlfriend to find work, something she's had trouble doing for far too long. His tax cuts for the middle-class will make it easier to pay expenses month-to-month. My best friend's brother will come back from Iraq. An increased focus on alternative energy and increased vehicle MPG standards should at least help to lower gas prices in the near future, while in the long-term making us less dependent on nations that hate us, giving them less of our money for them and their citizens commit further acts like 9/11. Obama's dedication to find and capture Osama Bin Laden regardless of what national borders he crosses makes me think that Bin Laden will be far less likely to carry out another attack on the US. Obama's intention to focus on Afghanistan means that "the war on terror" will get attention where it needs it, making the world a safer place. I will no longer live in fear that my constitutional rights will be taken away by those in power simply for political gain under the guise of "national security". Obama will be far more likely to enact some decent net neutrality laws so that my internet provider won't be able to slow down my service just because I use one web browser instead of another. Obama will put an end to warrantless wiretapping, so I won't have to worry about Big Brother listening in on my phone calls. . . All of this, of course, is above and beyond the changes in Washington that, while not directly affecting me, will make this country a better place in more general terms - ethics reform, a stricter policy in regards to lobbyists, an end to the unconstitutional expansion of executive power and the lack of accountability that has pervaded the highest seat of the land under Bush and would be unlikely to change much under McCain. And of course, even beyond that is the other people I DON'T know, or at least not yet, who this would affect - the women who wouldn't die as a result of clothes hanger abortions after Roe V. Wade is overturned, the elderly cancer sufferer who isn't arrested for medical marijuana use that my state considers legal, the innocent man who isn't tortured in Guantanamo Bay because of a suspension of constitutional rights and the Geneva conventions. These are all things that I see improving under Obama, and either not improving or getting worse under McCain. And that's just McCain - god help us if Palin ever becomes president...6,481437,I am honestly unsure. There are rumors that he's actually a toker. I know last night I was watching CNN and there was a small debate about whether or not the war on drugs was working. The guy who was for the War on Drugs just ended up making himself look like a moron, while the guy against the War on Drugs was saying (not a direct quote) "this is why the youth of today is laughing at law enforcement, especially when it comes to marijuana" I'm really curious about this week long discussion, especially considering how many people nowadays are starting to realized the War on Marijuana is bullshit.1,512554,One of my favorite passages from his essay - "I can remember one occasion, taking a shower with my wife while high, in which I had an idea on the origins and invalidities of racism in terms of gaussian distribution curves. It was a point obvious in a way, but rarely talked about. I drew the curves in soap on the shower wall, and went to write the idea down. One idea led to another, and at the end of about an hour of extremely hard work I found I had written eleven short essays on a wide range of social, political, philosophical, and human biological topics." I just love how casually he states "oh, well, i just drew some gaussian graphs, and then wrote 11 essays in an hour on an extremely complex social topic..." haha. Guy was pure awesome. edit * I also can't forget to add "the illegality of cannabis is outrageous, an impediment to full utilization of a drug which helps produce the serenity and insight, sensitivity and fellowship so desperately needed in this increasingly mad and dangerous world."11,498470,>Why do you think I would commit a hate crime? Because you are a jerk. Sure, words are technically meaningless, but that doesn't mean you throw out words like faggot and nigger whenever you feel like it. They are extremely hurtful words. Your justification for it is weak. You are an internet tough guy. I dare you to go down to your nearest urban area and use the word nigger. See what happens. Video tape it for me, I wanna see if anyone gives a fuck when you try and explain why you would use such derogatory language. >Anyway, you're the one trying to justify selling mass quantities of drugs out of a house with children in it, so you don't have a lot of room to talk shit I can't talk shit to some asshole because I think it's ok to sell weed? Hahaha, well maybe you shouldn't buy it than, creating a demand for it, therefore allowing people to run such illegal enterprises. No difference between owning a liquor store and having your kids hang around than selling tree from your home. One's unfairly illegal, but that doesn't mean it can't still be ran as a semi-legitimate business if done properly. The only thing I find wrong with it is that one cannot pay taxes on their income. Shouldn't you be on some Fox news site, reading their garbage to reinforce the bullshit you believe?7,605056,Too many people are accrediting gear with too many things it can;t do. Yes it can help peopel cope with pain and emotional distress but it can;t save the world. The 1st reason it was banneed was because of hemp products and how it threatened other buisinesses but there's alot fo ther things to consider. Yes there are alot more deaths related to legal drugs than illegal ones but science is proving that skunk hybreds of weed are so strong that they are causing (or at elast encouraging) mental illness. If weed was legalised (or more likely declassified) There would need to be a way of gaging strength and banning high toxicity levels of weed otherwise it would get stronger adn stronger and eventualy ebcome as dangerous as some legal drugs.3,173553,> I've responded to most of your criticisms, and you haven't responded to mine. Apologies, but I honestly didn't think there was anything more to discuss. <:-) If I can sum up my viewpoint on the matter: By *your* definition of racism, yes, we agree the news media is racist... but then so is practically everyone, practically all the time, so it's not like it's worth singling out the news media for approbation over and above anyone else. From your viewpoint the entire world seems filled with bigots and prejudiced people, so why are you wasting your time ragging on the news media, as opposed to "humanity as a whole"? By my definition of racism the news media probably aren't "racist" because they don't *intend* to discriminate against black people, and any discrimination is just an unintended result of prejudice or bigotry in a section of their audience... so again, it makes little sense to me to rag on the news media, and more sense to target the bigots in their audience - attacking the cause, rather than the symptom. ;-) Either way, it seems to me that what we're both criticising is racism in society - I think it's a smaller portion of their audience, whereas you think it's most of society, msot of the time. We both agree that the racists (whoever they are ;-) should be tackled, but from your point of view the news media seem no more culpable than anyone else, and from mine they're an irrelevant side-effect, so I don't see why it's worth rounding down on them *specifically*. Equally, I have a hard time taking your campaign seriously, since you've pretty much accepted that from your position almost everyone (you included!) is prejudiced or bigoted on almost every issue in the world almost all of the time (hell: even *pot plants* are racist by your definition ;-). As I see it we can either all spend *all* of our time fighting *every single* injustice in the world *all* at once, or we'll still be prejudiced (by your definition) about whatever issue we've stopped fighting for for a second or two. It's an unwinnable battle, because you can only do one thing at once, and anything you're temporarily *not* pro-actively fighting means you're therefore prejudiced - it's like trying to empty the sea with a teacup. <:-) Apologies if I've straw-manned your position, but that honestly does seem like the logical end result of it from where I'm sitting: If you exclude the neutral middle ground then everyone's either "for" or "against", and if even *inaction* is "against" (and given we can't do an infinite number of things at once), we'll always spend the overwhelming majority of our lives being prejudiced about almost everything on earth, and prejudice and bigotry are effectively ineradicable. :-(8,247110,THC is illegal and anything containing it (be it brownies, oil, lotion, alcohol, bud, or even leaves) is also illegal. If you are caught with them, there is practically no way you are leaving with, at minimum, some sort of fine. I mean, keep in mind that even if you got caught growing a few immature marijuana plants that is still considered cultivation... despite them being pretty useless to get high. Common sense doesn't exist.2,45392,A man, a plan, a casa, a bait, a lag, a malt, an ami, an abr, a bayard, a liang, an apa, a jager, an adder, a gaw, a nut, an oca, a net, a caps, a rail, a karat, an amalaka, an agron, a brev, a kit, a ballet, an eel, a bar, a lama, a dan, a patina, a grama, a tin, a manak, a japer, a pupa, an oka, a lev, a trad, a cab, an ala, a papaya, a loma, a cam, a catalpa, a mon, a kor, a tam, a haloid, a regal, a lub, a war, a peen, a stob, a gad, a spin, a ward, a slag, a toom, a we'd, a pos, a marg, a cedar, a daraf, a wat, a dater, a carapa, a lot, a tennis, a laic, a farer, a dame, a haemin, an agal, a tsar, a misaim, an enate, a halo, a garrot, a gip, a rom, a lca, an elem, a yell, a ganoin, a waver, a boma, a ball, a waxer, a tid, an agr, an app, a y-axis, a lion, a lack, a burg, a motmot, a rata, a vil, a satrap, a mart, a rank, a lex, an annot, a pol, a tael, a drub, a nome, a dale, a batwoman, a mara, a lob, a tarp, a res, a drawer, a rot, a doh, a nib, a saw, a harem, a gater, an imam, a llama, a let, a bel, a hamal, a gasser, a cadi, a ramrod, a saga, a bass, a cad, a ya-ta-ta, a flan, a cig, a malam, an anus, a keep, a cuda, a crum, an alapa, a doc, a nett, a laggen, a loofa, a cola, a roman, a vac, a snug, a mass, an ass, a tarpan, a frt, a neb, a reel, a corp, a yob, an ana, a but, a tpd, a pant, a cate, an alb, a napper, a gum, a knot, a daud, a pipa, a ruse, a call, a haar, a matador, a bot, a mod, a cor, an aug, a dop, a bud, a buran, a sika, a nork, a yoga, a kip, a rood, a tanga, a pap, a loop, a rein, a pat, an anadem, a leman, a brocatel, a says, a jad, a nomad, a tau, a nunatak, a drab, a gob, an amt, an andron, an orc, a maim, a kaiak, a saber, a puca, a rab, a rabal, a kabala, a rem, a canoe, an aid, a water, a minah, a yarak, an okay, a redan, a gala, a liza, a coir, a car, a vav, a hail, a guna, a min, an aroma, a mix, a manikin, a capita, a cap, a tsi, a waw, a spira, a rub, an att, a matsu, a hat, a fan, a taj, a ray, a jar, a lah, a datum, a gayal, a bus, a coss, an alias, a lin, a gata, a cabana, a nail, a nod, a vas, a lam, a recall, a nasal, a bat, an aba, a rec, a nim, a gauss, a baba, an ign, an agura, a gleba, a lune, a pastel, a yew, an inner, an exon, a moor, a mir, a pas, a dir, a canalis, a bason, a beg, a kop, a yam, a fader, a citer, a pan, a lunarian, a mot, an alif, a yes, a jaw, a pay, a salad, a poll, a waggon, an ore, an asp, a tabor, a cariama, a kab, a kabob, a lac, a deb, a mun, a dalasi, a daff, a raki, a halal, a sanies, a cast, a hwan, a cay, a dad, an ogam, a ma'am, a japan, a vakeel, a fac, a duel, a sial, a patin, a magot, a roll, a pain, a rall, a fats, a bap, a cerat, a call-up, an abb, a radiov, a gid, a loot, a god, a tenner, an eta, a gar, a grad, a dap, a dirt, a hair, a parr, an agon, a dual, a nonet, a mural, a soda, a teff, a tal, an omasum, a tug, a vat, a doom, a deil, a str, a dam, a gaff, a camoca, a mud, a flow, a fed, a gpm, a tod, a fcp, a reflet, a hay, a nav, a lulab, a tail, a maniac, an ikan, a maid, a salep, a lass, a pall, a gab, a watt, a bay, a map, a lair, a sax, a mar, a madam, a palet, a ramon, a won, a wet, a fen, a nipa, a dBm, a lai, a bag, a haeres, a bun, a ratton, a tana, a sem, a gtc, a giron, a bros, a navar, a carotin, a jab, a dayan, a lever, a fun, a macoma, an iter, a nies, a dak, a yaw, a sera, a tef, a nek, a xat, a boob, a haler, a cir, a daw, a camass, a topaz, a gator, a taw, a lapser, a mut, a biga, a nag, an atlas, a bad, a doodah, a manas, a puna, a fut, a sima, a gen, a facsim, a liard, a gym, a spot, a sex, a nae, a wap, a zax, a way, a tapis, an ord, a habu, a datura, a mel, a kadi, a qat, a mas, a banana, a cran, a bird, a pus, a drain, a lacer, a valor, a pav, a lad, a wamus, a garg, a tamis, a kaon, a tort, a leg, a baht, a lapin, a ref, a wall, a mac, a samaj, a boar, a sunn, a pappus, an aced, an ann, a manor, a barege, a jai, an alap, an acad, a fakeer, a remit, a get, a toil, a gat, a local, a baff, a wain, an akela, an uta, a slab, a rattan, a lyc, an atoll, a banian, a retem, a dorp, a poort, a vug, a supr, a canon, a far, a fanatic, a dep, a caid, a qaf, a kas, a carfax, a patness, a nabob, a catnip, a minima, a must, a sal, a caracara, a manioc, a til, a lip, a rag, an amir, a hareem, an arcs, a teel, a cram, a yawn, a main, a ban, a rasa, a lud, a ragi, a tapir, a top, a dil, a lat, a razz, a jag, a sass, a jalor, a calix, an asb, an ayre, a nap, a tannin, a garb, a sports, a gem, a reed, an esu, a hap, a raglan, a sis, a baronet, a snit, a madras, a plug, a gula, a ros, a scf, a gelder, a terr, a gag, a fay, a fag, a garret, a redleg, a fcs, a sora, a lug, a gulp, a sard, a matins, a tenor, a basis, an alg, a rap, a hausen, a deer, a meg, a strops, a brag, an inn, a tap, an aery, an abs, an axil, a carol, a jass, a sag, a jazz, a ratal, a lid, a pot, a rip, a taig, a radula, a saran, a bani, a manway, a marc, a leet, a scr, an ameer, a harim, an agar, a pil, a lit, a coin, a maar, a caracal, a satsuma, a minim, a pint, a cabob, an assent, a pax, a fracas, a kaf, a qadi, a caped, a cit, an afar, a fanon, a carpus, a guv, a troop, a prod, a meter, an ain, a ballot, an acyl, an attar, a balsa, a tuna, a lek, an ani, a waff, a bal, a colat, a galiot, a teg, a timer, a reek, a fad, a canap, a lanai, a jaeger, a baron, a mannan, a decan, a supp, a pannus, a raob, a jam, a sac, a mall, a wafer, a nip, a lath, a bagel, a trot, an oak, a sim, a tagrag, a sum, a wad, a lav, a parol, a varec, a laniard, a sup, a drib, an arca, an anabas, a mat, a qaid, a kalema, a rut, a daub, a hadron, a sip, a tay, a wax, a zap, a wae, an axes, a tops, a myg, a drail, a misc, a fanega, a mis, a tufa, an upas, an amah, a doodad, a basalt, a nagana, a gib, a tum, a resp, a law, a tarot, a gaz, a potass, a macaw, a daric, a rel, a haboob, a tax, a ken, a feta, a resaw, a yak, a dasein, a retina, a moc, a manuf, a revel, a nay, a dab, a janitor, a caravan, a sorb, an orig, a ctg, a mesa, a nat, an ottar, a nub, a sere, a hag, a bai, a lambda, a pin, a nef, a tew, a now, a nom, a ratel, a pam, a damar, a max, a sari, a lap, a may, a batt, a wab, a gall, a pass, a lapel, a sadi, a manakin, a cain, a mali, a tab, a lulav, an ayah, a telfer, a pcf, a dot, a mpg, a def, a wolf, a duma, a com, a caff, a gam, a darts, a lied, a mood, a tav, a gut, a mus, a monal, a taffeta, a dos-, a larum, a tenon, a laud, a nog, an arr, a pariah, a trid, a pad, a darg, a raga, a ten, a rennet, a dog, a tool, a dig, a void, a rabban, a pull, a cat, a recap, a bast, a fall, a rani, a pallor, a tog, a manit, a palais, a leud, a caf, a leek, a van, a pajama, a mam, a gonad, a day, a can, a what's, a casein, a salal, a haik, a raff, a dais, a ladanum, a bed, a cal, a bob, a kabaka, a mair, a carob, a taps, an aeron, a nogg, a wallop, a dal, a say', a paw, a jasey, a fil, an atom, an air, an ulan, a paretic, a red, a fam, a yapok, a geb, a nos, a basil, an acarid, a sap, a rim, a room, an oxen, a rennin, a wey, a let's, a paenula, a belga, a rug, an angina, a babassu, a gamin, a cera, a banat, a balas, an all, a ceramal, a sav, a don, a liana, an abaca, a tag, a nil, a sail, an assoc, a sub, a lay, a gamut, a dah, a lar, a jay, a raj, a tan, a fat, a haust, a matt, an abura, a ripsaw, a waist, a paca, a tip, a canikin, a maxima, a mor, an anima, an ugali, a hav, a var, a carioca, a zila, a lagan, a deray, a konak, a rayah, an imaret, a wadi, an aeon, a camera, a lab, a kal, a barabara, a cup, a reb, a sakai, a kami, a macron, an ordn, an atman, a bog, a bard, a kat, an unau, a tad, a monad, a jasy, a salet, a corban, a melamed, an anat, a panier, a pool, a papa, a gnat, a door, a pika, a goy, a krona, a kisan, a rub-a-dub, a pod, a guan, a roc, a dom, a tob, a rod, a tamara, a hall, a caesura, a pip, a duad, a tonk, a mug, a repp, an abl, an aet, a catnap, a dpt, a tuba, a nan, a boy, a proc, a leer, a ben, a trf, an apr, a tass, an assam, a guns, a cav, an amora, a loca, a fool, an egg, a latten, a coda, a pal, an amurca, a duc, a peek, a sun, an amal, a magic, an alfa, a tat, a yad, a cassaba, a gas, a dorm, a raid, a caress, a gal, a mahaleb, a tela, a mallam, a minaret, a gamer, a haw, a sabin, a hod, a tor, a reward, a ser, a prat, a bola, a ram, an amowt, a bael, a daemon, a burd, a leat, a lop, a tonn, an axel, a knar, a tram, a part, a saliva, a tar, a tom-tom, a grub, a kcal, an oil, a six, a yapp, an arg, an adit, a rex, a wallaba, a mob, a rev, a wanion, a galley, a melena, a clamor, a pig, a torr, a gaol, a haet, an enami, a simar, a stalag, an anime, a haem, a darer, a facial, a sinnet, a tola, a par, a caret, a dat, a waf, a radar, a decagram, a sop, a dew, a moot, a gals, a draw, an ips, a dag, a bots, a neep, a raw, a bul, a lager, a diol, a ham, a tarok, a noma, a plat, a camaca, a mola, a yap, a paal, an abac, a dart, a vela, a kona, a pup, a rep, a jak, an amanita, a marga, a nit, a panada, a malar, a baleen, a tell, a batik, a verb, an organa, a kalam, an atar, a kali, a rasp, a catena, a con, a tun, a wag, a redd, an areg, a jaap, an agnail, a dray, a barb, an aim, a natl, a mag, a lati, a baas, a canal, Panama!2,41671,Well, we all know Marijuana shouldn't be illegal because what they're doing right now is down right unconstitutional...whether you like the drugs or not is irrelevant. At least with alcohol, they had the decency to amend the constitution - which made it legal for them to criminalize alcohol. With pot and other drugs, they just disregarded the Constitution. Anyway, guns are more of a weird situation. The second amendment gives the right to anyone to own a gun. Though, machine guns like that one were definitely not foreseen by the founding fathers.2,45392,A man, a plan, a casa, a bait, a lag, a malt, an ami, an abr, a bayard, a liang, an apa, a jager, an adder, a gaw, a nut, an oca, a net, a caps, a rail, a karat, an amalaka, an agron, a brev, a kit, a ballet, an eel, a bar, a lama, a dan, a patina, a grama, a tin, a manak, a japer, a pupa, an oka, a lev, a trad, a cab, an ala, a papaya, a loma, a cam, a catalpa, a mon, a kor, a tam, a haloid, a regal, a lub, a war, a peen, a stob, a gad, a spin, a ward, a slag, a toom, a we'd, a pos, a marg, a cedar, a daraf, a wat, a dater, a carapa, a lot, a tennis, a laic, a farer, a dame, a haemin, an agal, a tsar, a misaim, an enate, a halo, a garrot, a gip, a rom, a lca, an elem, a yell, a ganoin, a waver, a boma, a ball, a waxer, a tid, an agr, an app, a y-axis, a lion, a lack, a burg, a motmot, a rata, a vil, a satrap, a mart, a rank, a lex, an annot, a pol, a tael, a drub, a nome, a dale, a batwoman, a mara, a lob, a tarp, a res, a drawer, a rot, a doh, a nib, a saw, a harem, a gater, an imam, a llama, a let, a bel, a hamal, a gasser, a cadi, a ramrod, a saga, a bass, a cad, a ya-ta-ta, a flan, a cig, a malam, an anus, a keep, a cuda, a crum, an alapa, a doc, a nett, a laggen, a loofa, a cola, a roman, a vac, a snug, a mass, an ass, a tarpan, a frt, a neb, a reel, a corp, a yob, an ana, a but, a tpd, a pant, a cate, an alb, a napper, a gum, a knot, a daud, a pipa, a ruse, a call, a haar, a matador, a bot, a mod, a cor, an aug, a dop, a bud, a buran, a sika, a nork, a yoga, a kip, a rood, a tanga, a pap, a loop, a rein, a pat, an anadem, a leman, a brocatel, a says, a jad, a nomad, a tau, a nunatak, a drab, a gob, an amt, an andron, an orc, a maim, a kaiak, a saber, a puca, a rab, a rabal, a kabala, a rem, a canoe, an aid, a water, a minah, a yarak, an okay, a redan, a gala, a liza, a coir, a car, a vav, a hail, a guna, a min, an aroma, a mix, a manikin, a capita, a cap, a tsi, a waw, a spira, a rub, an att, a matsu, a hat, a fan, a taj, a ray, a jar, a lah, a datum, a gayal, a bus, a coss, an alias, a lin, a gata, a cabana, a nail, a nod, a vas, a lam, a recall, a nasal, a bat, an aba, a rec, a nim, a gauss, a baba, an ign, an agura, a gleba, a lune, a pastel, a yew, an inner, an exon, a moor, a mir, a pas, a dir, a canalis, a bason, a beg, a kop, a yam, a fader, a citer, a pan, a lunarian, a mot, an alif, a yes, a jaw, a pay, a salad, a poll, a waggon, an ore, an asp, a tabor, a cariama, a kab, a kabob, a lac, a deb, a mun, a dalasi, a daff, a raki, a halal, a sanies, a cast, a hwan, a cay, a dad, an ogam, a ma'am, a japan, a vakeel, a fac, a duel, a sial, a patin, a magot, a roll, a pain, a rall, a fats, a bap, a cerat, a call-up, an abb, a radiov, a gid, a loot, a god, a tenner, an eta, a gar, a grad, a dap, a dirt, a hair, a parr, an agon, a dual, a nonet, a mural, a soda, a teff, a tal, an omasum, a tug, a vat, a doom, a deil, a str, a dam, a gaff, a camoca, a mud, a flow, a fed, a gpm, a tod, a fcp, a reflet, a hay, a nav, a lulab, a tail, a maniac, an ikan, a maid, a salep, a lass, a pall, a gab, a watt, a bay, a map, a lair, a sax, a mar, a madam, a palet, a ramon, a won, a wet, a fen, a nipa, a dBm, a lai, a bag, a haeres, a bun, a ratton, a tana, a sem, a gtc, a giron, a bros, a navar, a carotin, a jab, a dayan, a lever, a fun, a macoma, an iter, a nies, a dak, a yaw, a sera, a tef, a nek, a xat, a boob, a haler, a cir, a daw, a camass, a topaz, a gator, a taw, a lapser, a mut, a biga, a nag, an atlas, a bad, a doodah, a manas, a puna, a fut, a sima, a gen, a facsim, a liard, a gym, a spot, a sex, a nae, a wap, a zax, a way, a tapis, an ord, a habu, a datura, a mel, a kadi, a qat, a mas, a banana, a cran, a bird, a pus, a drain, a lacer, a valor, a pav, a lad, a wamus, a garg, a tamis, a kaon, a tort, a leg, a baht, a lapin, a ref, a wall, a mac, a samaj, a boar, a sunn, a pappus, an aced, an ann, a manor, a barege, a jai, an alap, an acad, a fakeer, a remit, a get, a toil, a gat, a local, a baff, a wain, an akela, an uta, a slab, a rattan, a lyc, an atoll, a banian, a retem, a dorp, a poort, a vug, a supr, a canon, a far, a fanatic, a dep, a caid, a qaf, a kas, a carfax, a patness, a nabob, a catnip, a minima, a must, a sal, a caracara, a manioc, a til, a lip, a rag, an amir, a hareem, an arcs, a teel, a cram, a yawn, a main, a ban, a rasa, a lud, a ragi, a tapir, a top, a dil, a lat, a razz, a jag, a sass, a jalor, a calix, an asb, an ayre, a nap, a tannin, a garb, a sports, a gem, a reed, an esu, a hap, a raglan, a sis, a baronet, a snit, a madras, a plug, a gula, a ros, a scf, a gelder, a terr, a gag, a fay, a fag, a garret, a redleg, a fcs, a sora, a lug, a gulp, a sard, a matins, a tenor, a basis, an alg, a rap, a hausen, a deer, a meg, a strops, a brag, an inn, a tap, an aery, an abs, an axil, a carol, a jass, a sag, a jazz, a ratal, a lid, a pot, a rip, a taig, a radula, a saran, a bani, a manway, a marc, a leet, a scr, an ameer, a harim, an agar, a pil, a lit, a coin, a maar, a caracal, a satsuma, a minim, a pint, a cabob, an assent, a pax, a fracas, a kaf, a qadi, a caped, a cit, an afar, a fanon, a carpus, a guv, a troop, a prod, a meter, an ain, a ballot, an acyl, an attar, a balsa, a tuna, a lek, an ani, a waff, a bal, a colat, a galiot, a teg, a timer, a reek, a fad, a canap, a lanai, a jaeger, a baron, a mannan, a decan, a supp, a pannus, a raob, a jam, a sac, a mall, a wafer, a nip, a lath, a bagel, a trot, an oak, a sim, a tagrag, a sum, a wad, a lav, a parol, a varec, a laniard, a sup, a drib, an arca, an anabas, a mat, a qaid, a kalema, a rut, a daub, a hadron, a sip, a tay, a wax, a zap, a wae, an axes, a tops, a myg, a drail, a misc, a fanega, a mis, a tufa, an upas, an amah, a doodad, a basalt, a nagana, a gib, a tum, a resp, a law, a tarot, a gaz, a potass, a macaw, a daric, a rel, a haboob, a tax, a ken, a feta, a resaw, a yak, a dasein, a retina, a moc, a manuf, a revel, a nay, a dab, a janitor, a caravan, a sorb, an orig, a ctg, a mesa, a nat, an ottar, a nub, a sere, a hag, a bai, a lambda, a pin, a nef, a tew, a now, a nom, a ratel, a pam, a damar, a max, a sari, a lap, a may, a batt, a wab, a gall, a pass, a lapel, a sadi, a manakin, a cain, a mali, a tab, a lulav, an ayah, a telfer, a pcf, a dot, a mpg, a def, a wolf, a duma, a com, a caff, a gam, a darts, a lied, a mood, a tav, a gut, a mus, a monal, a taffeta, a dos-, a larum, a tenon, a laud, a nog, an arr, a pariah, a trid, a pad, a darg, a raga, a ten, a rennet, a dog, a tool, a dig, a void, a rabban, a pull, a cat, a recap, a bast, a fall, a rani, a pallor, a tog, a manit, a palais, a leud, a caf, a leek, a van, a pajama, a mam, a gonad, a day, a can, a what's, a casein, a salal, a haik, a raff, a dais, a ladanum, a bed, a cal, a bob, a kabaka, a mair, a carob, a taps, an aeron, a nogg, a wallop, a dal, a say', a paw, a jasey, a fil, an atom, an air, an ulan, a paretic, a red, a fam, a yapok, a geb, a nos, a basil, an acarid, a sap, a rim, a room, an oxen, a rennin, a wey, a let's, a paenula, a belga, a rug, an angina, a babassu, a gamin, a cera, a banat, a balas, an all, a ceramal, a sav, a don, a liana, an abaca, a tag, a nil, a sail, an assoc, a sub, a lay, a gamut, a dah, a lar, a jay, a raj, a tan, a fat, a haust, a matt, an abura, a ripsaw, a waist, a paca, a tip, a canikin, a maxima, a mor, an anima, an ugali, a hav, a var, a carioca, a zila, a lagan, a deray, a konak, a rayah, an imaret, a wadi, an aeon, a camera, a lab, a kal, a barabara, a cup, a reb, a sakai, a kami, a macron, an ordn, an atman, a bog, a bard, a kat, an unau, a tad, a monad, a jasy, a salet, a corban, a melamed, an anat, a panier, a pool, a papa, a gnat, a door, a pika, a goy, a krona, a kisan, a rub-a-dub, a pod, a guan, a roc, a dom, a tob, a rod, a tamara, a hall, a caesura, a pip, a duad, a tonk, a mug, a repp, an abl, an aet, a catnap, a dpt, a tuba, a nan, a boy, a proc, a leer, a ben, a trf, an apr, a tass, an assam, a guns, a cav, an amora, a loca, a fool, an egg, a latten, a coda, a pal, an amurca, a duc, a peek, a sun, an amal, a magic, an alfa, a tat, a yad, a cassaba, a gas, a dorm, a raid, a caress, a gal, a mahaleb, a tela, a mallam, a minaret, a gamer, a haw, a sabin, a hod, a tor, a reward, a ser, a prat, a bola, a ram, an amowt, a bael, a daemon, a burd, a leat, a lop, a tonn, an axel, a knar, a tram, a part, a saliva, a tar, a tom-tom, a grub, a kcal, an oil, a six, a yapp, an arg, an adit, a rex, a wallaba, a mob, a rev, a wanion, a galley, a melena, a clamor, a pig, a torr, a gaol, a haet, an enami, a simar, a stalag, an anime, a haem, a darer, a facial, a sinnet, a tola, a par, a caret, a dat, a waf, a radar, a decagram, a sop, a dew, a moot, a gals, a draw, an ips, a dag, a bots, a neep, a raw, a bul, a lager, a diol, a ham, a tarok, a noma, a plat, a camaca, a mola, a yap, a paal, an abac, a dart, a vela, a kona, a pup, a rep, a jak, an amanita, a marga, a nit, a panada, a malar, a baleen, a tell, a batik, a verb, an organa, a kalam, an atar, a kali, a rasp, a catena, a con, a tun, a wag, a redd, an areg, a jaap, an agnail, a dray, a barb, an aim, a natl, a mag, a lati, a baas, a canal, Panama!2,175899,Usually the Federal Government doesn't make it a big deal, Unless it is. Say you get caught with 12 grams in a local town; you're probably going to get cited and may spend a night in the slammer, that's all. *However*, if you're caught with OZ+ anywhere, it becomes Federal Offence....However, that too MAY only get jail time and a couple thousand in fines. >As a result, the three youths, who cannot be named under the Youth Criminal Justice Act, have been charged with **possession of marijuana over three gms for the purpose of trafficking**. That's where you could get in trouble with the Feds, Trafficking. This is just an odd occurrence, I suppose.